create cross origin serialization explainer to fully explain our serialization process (#22101)
cypress-io/cypress: packages/driver/src/util/serialization/README.md

## Preprocessing

Before sending data through `postMessage`, data must be considered serializable within the context of [the structured clone algorithm](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm). However, several data types simply [do not work with the structured clone algorithm](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm#things_that_dont_work_with_structured_clone), mainly functions, DOM elements, and complex objects containing prototype chains or getters/setters. Because of this, Cypress has developed a way to preprocess some of these data types to work with structured clone when handling internal events. These methods are not leveraged to serialize end user data to keep behavior as consistent as possible.

> The structured clone algorithm is [supported](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/structuredClone#browser_compatibility) via the native `structuredClone` function in chrome/chromium version 98 and firefox version 94. For browser versions where `structuredClone` is not available, the [core-js-pure](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/packages/core-js/modules/web.structured-clone.js) `structuredClone` ponyfill is used to determine if a value is serializable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structured clone algorithm is [supported](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/structuredClone#browser_compatibility) via the native `structuredClone` function from chrome/chromium version 98 and firefox version 94. For browser versions where `structuredClone` is not available, the [core-js-pure](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/packages/core-js/modules/web.structured-clone.js) `structuredClone` ponyfill is used to determine if a value is serializable.
```

> To determine if a given value is serializable, the value is passed as an argument into the structured clone algorithm. If an error is thrown, the value is not serializable. Otherwise, the copied value is returned. This is generally our serialization rule, but there are exceptions as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine if a given value is serializable, the value is passed as an argument into the structured clone algorithm. If an error is thrown, the value is not serializable. Otherwise, the copied value is returned. This is generally how we determine if a value is serializable, but there are exceptions as follows:
```

#### Errors

[Error](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error) preprocessing is a bit complicated, because the error object itself may be considered serializable depending on the browser's implementation of the structured clone algorithm.

> At the time of this writing, the structured clone algorithm does NOT support cloning of errors in Firefox, but is supported in Chromium and `core-js` implements. However, there are caveats to this support. Take the following snippet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the time of this writing, the structured clone algorithm does NOT support cloning of errors in Firefox, but is supported in Chromium and `core-js`. However, there are caveats to this support. Take the following snippet:
```

```js
  // firefox
  var myError = new Error('error-message') 
  var myErrorCopy = structuredClone(myError) // throws DOMException: The object could not be cloned

  // chrome/edge/electron
  var myError = new Error('error-message') 
  myError.foo = 'bar'
  var myErrorCopy = structuredClone(myError)

>   myErrorCopy.foo // is undefined

Reviewer 3: Are you demonstrating here that custom properties are not serialized? Could you state that explicitly as a comment?

Reviewer 3: I guess you say that down below, thats probably enoug.

### Complex Serialization of Logs

Currently, most serialization follows the rules explained above, with a current exception being Cypress's log messages generated from `log:added` and `log:changed` events. These messages are objects that contain DOM elements, functions, and other unserializable values. We attempt to pre/post process these log messages to accurate display snapshots, as well as console props that are printed when a snapshot is pinned

#### Preprocessing

When preprocessing a log, snapshots are preprocessed into a string with hydrated html state for attributes and various input values, such as `checkbox` `select`, `input`, etc to make the snapshot serializable. Other DOM element like structures, such as `$el` within log `consoleProps`, are preprocessed the same way. This is similar to how [Percy serializes the DOM](https://github.com/percy/cli/blob/master/packages/dom/src/serialize-inputs.js).

Additional preprocessing occurs for `consoleProps.table`, where the function output is preprocessed into a serializable object, ultimately to be wrapped back into a function when received from `postMessage`

#### Postprocessing/Reification

> When the preprocessed log is sent through `postMessage` and received by the primary Cypress instance, the log is postprocessed. This process includes recreating the stringified snapshot as as DOM element, and inserting the snapshot, and it's styles, into the primary Cypress instance's snapshot map to be associated with its appropriate command log. This way, the correct snapshot is pinned when time travel debugging is leveraged after the test has run. `consoleProps` are recreated, with DOM elements being calculated lazily via object getters. This method works because The element(s) is only recreated once the snapshot is pinned to the page, correctly matching the element in the snapshot. This also means that if an array of elements is present, the array is actually a proxy to an object with the keys being the index number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the preprocessed log is sent through `postMessage` and received by the primary Cypress instance, the log is postprocessed. This process includes recreating the stringified snapshot as a DOM element and inserting the snapshot and its styles into the primary Cypress instance's snapshot map to be associated with its appropriate command log. This way, the correct snapshot is pinned when time travel debugging is leveraged after the test has run. `consoleProps` are recreated, with DOM elements being calculated lazily via object getters. This method works because the element(s) is/are only recreated once the snapshot is pinned to the page, correctly matching the element in the snapshot. This also means that if an array of elements is present, the array is actually a proxy to an object with the keys being the index number.
```
